possibility to load the base64 encoded authentication file (#129)
quarkiverse/quarkus-google-cloud-services: README.md

The current authentication flow is as follows:
- Check the `quarkus.google.cloud.service-account-location` property, if it exists, use the service account file from this location.

> - Check the `quarkus.google.cloud.service-account-encoded-key` property, if it exists, use the service account file encoded in base64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the `quarkus.google.cloud.service-account-encoded-key` property, if it exists, use the service account base64 encoded content.
```
